tidb-in-kubernetes: migrate google deployment doc to docs repo (#1236)
pingcap/docs: tidb-in-kubernetes/google-kubernetes-tutorial.md

In Cloud Shell, click on the Web Preview button and enter 3000 for the port. This will open a new browser tab pointing to the Grafana dashboards. Alternatively, use the following URL https://ssh.cloud.google.com/devshell/proxy?port=3000 in a new tab or window.

If not using Cloud Shell, point a browser to `localhost:3000`.

## Destroy the TiDB cluster

When the TiDB cluster is not needed, you can delete it with the following command:

	helm delete demo --purge

The above commands only delete the running pods, the data is persistent. If you do not need the data anymore, you should run the following commands to clean the data and the dynamically created persistent disks:

	kubectl delete pvc -n tidb -l app.kubernetes.io/instance=demo,app.kubernetes.io/managed-by=tidb-operator &&
	kubectl get pv -l app.kubernetes.io/namespace=tidb,app.kubernetes.io/managed-by=tidb-operator,app.kubernetes.io/instance=demo -o name | xargs -I {} kubectl patch {} -p '{"spec":{"persistentVolumeReclaimPolicy":"Delete"}}'

## Shut down the Kubernetes cluster

Once you have finished experimenting, you can delete the Kubernetes cluster with:

	gcloud container clusters delete tidb

## More information

> For production deployments, view our [operation guide](./operation-guide.md), and look at the GKE section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to deploy TiDB on GCP GKE in the production environment, you must read the GKE section in our [operation guide](./operation-guide.md) first.
```
Change this link into an absolute link. And make sure it works before merging this PR.
